Hi Roy

I believe the good Bishop knows well the "hound" technique of these
blood-seeking sharks.  I'll also send this on to our heroic lawyer here in
London in case he can come up with one of his perspicacious suggestions.

Meantime I am devastated to hear of Attorney Jûrgen Rieger's stroke and dreadful
rumours that already he may be brain dead. If so, Germany will have lost a
formidable champion and we will have lost a splendid comrade. I am hoping and
hoping and anxiously awaiting news that this is not going to or have already
happened and that we still have him at our side.  I have only two precious
little filmed interviews from him for my forthcoming JAILING THE LAWYERS but I
always meant to get in another one (but each time I tried to, it proved not the
right moment for him, an attorney- soldier always very heavily work-overloaded
and ever at many a humane frontline).

Best wishes
Michèle

On 27 Oct 2009, at 21:47, Roy Armstrong wrote:

> Hello Lady M.!
>
> Please tell the good Bishop that he is obligated to refute the charges. They
will use it to "hound" him if he doesn't. The German law specifies that such an
act would have to occur in the jurisdiction of the BRD. Filming an interview to
be shown in another country does not fill the requirements of §130 in any way
(even if it could be viewed in Germanistan). As I recall, he filmed the
interview with Swedish TV to be shown there and not in Germany.
> Judicia is the whore of politics and such a "Strafbefehl" should never have
been issued; it constitutes "REchtsbeugung", bending the law. §130 is a
so-called "rubber law" anyway, which the criminal Jew-owned politicians like to
have stretched to serve any purpose. To imply that statements on the holyhoax
would "incite the German people" are patently absurd. It is however blatent
proof that the BRD is a Zionist-controlled entity. It does in fact constitute
CENSORSHIP (by other means) which is unconstitutional, even in Zionist
GErmanistan.
> Keep up the gute domain.com!
>
> Regards,
> Roy in Germanistan