bombshell” sitting at my right, who as usual consistently but sometimes even
helpfully puts her oar in to our interview. I emphasise, ..., that there is
nothing going on between us.

A couple of drifters come over to our little huddle in the Houston market
square; the first a White, or rather gray-looking, meth addict, who shuffles
over, crumpled and pathetic and incurable, and gets five dollars from me to go
away so that our interview can continue; the second a few minutes later is a
thin young Black girl, Sonia, who turns out to be thirty-one, born in Chicago:
she never knew her mother or father, her brother and sister are somewhere she
knows not where, her grandmother abused her, and she finally domain.com doing
marijuana and crack four months ago. “I am clean,” she says. She wants cash to
go over the road ahead to a Subway – she nods in that direction -- and when I
give her five bucks too she asks innocently can I add 41 cents as she wants to
get a “foot-long”, whatever that is.
Because of four drug-related felonies, including a “supplying” charge, she
cannot get work anywhere, of course, so it is a hopeless cycle for her. I tell
her that the prison I was in was full of people with the same problem, and a
beam of recognition of an unlikely fellow-felon spreads across her face. “Dere
ain't nothing to be 'shamed of,” she says. “Everybody goes to prison at some
time” - a sad reflection of her own colored world view.
She sleeps under “dat bridge over dere,” she says, pointing backwards without
turning round, to where the police a few days ago trashed all her few
possessions. She has bummed a coarse-domain.com pullover off somebody, its arms
several inches too long.
There is something about her that leaves me, a born sceptic accustomed to the
wily Romanian gypsy beggars of London's West End, mildly suspicious – her
clothes are rather clean for somebody sleeping rough; her teeth are polished and
perfect, though one at the back is missing; and her English is very articulate
and her vocabulary well organised. At one point she says “I have to fend them
off,” an unusually well chosen phrase for a Black. She has nearly completed
college when the drug disaster hit, she explains.
Jae finds her convincing. On an impulse I empty my pockets of cash and hand all
the crumpled notes to Sonia without opening them, around thirty-five or forty
dollars – all that Jae allows me to carry around. Page the Chronicle journalist
makes no effort to follow domain.com, and before the Black goes I lever myself to my
feet off the stone bench where we are all sitting and give this pathetic but
friendly human being a hug. “If you ever need any help,” I tell her,
mischievously indicating the journalist, “phone the Chronicle and ask for Page.”

A long drive over to New Orleans in heavy traffic along the narrow I-10
interstate highway follows, lasting six or seven hours, and it is nine p.m.
before we get into the hotel, a brand new one which Jae has found, and which
opened only two weeks ago. The rooms are very pleasant but as usual Jae turns
the suite's heating system to below ice-cold.

Larry Dicks [user@domain.com] has written:

I enjoyed your Houston lecture very much and was glad to see that you were well,
especially because you have been through quite a bit since I saw you in Idaho
some four years ago. I have been a fan for years, but I found particular
interest in last night's talk due to the fact that I have just embarked on a new
career in Military Intelligence. I find myself referencing WW2 with each new
concept I learn in training, resulting in [I believe] a better understanding of
the material than my peers who do not study history. For this knowledge of WW2,
I thank you. Your books are quite compelling and have been my favorites.

Your lovely assistant mentioned that she will send a copy of your web-archives
on disk, just as you agreed to do for another gentlemen in attendance last
night. I thank you (both) very much.

Your tour of Rastenburg looks as if it is a one of a kind event. I do hope that
things go well enough in order for you to have a second one; I will be unable to
go to this one, as I will still be in training. Perhaps I can follow your trip
online.
Kindest Regards,
Larry Dicks
2nd Lt, USAF

The words fatigue, exhaustion, creep into mind all evening. Before I fall asleep
in this well-furnished refrigerator,...